So that will make sense, let's take a
pause for a minute just to see if there's
any questions around any
of that before we move on.
Anything sprang to mind, no.
>> How fast do you, I mean, now that
you've got it all working like clockwork
send out an email how
fast you get a response?
Just curious.
>> In response in terms of actual work or
in terms of communication?
>> You know what, is either all.
>> Right, so I'll send out an email,
out today actually,
my emails go out every other Thursday.
And it's within 10 minutes
I'd had three people reply
going really great email today,
Paul, blah blah blah.
And I will always reply to them, okay?
So I get instant feedback at this point
because I've spent so long on and
nurturing-
>> There is something about the email,
you have to send a message.
Yeah, there's content in the email.
>> Yeah, we'll get into that.
>> Okay.
>> You said the blank email [LAUGH]
>> I won't.
>> [LAUGH] Yeah that would be good.
>> [LAUGH] Absolutely but
you do AB testing or like?
>> I don't actually.
>> Okay.
>> No, I should do, but
who's got the time, right?
This whole thing this isn't
we're not talking about building
a kind of a multinational, segmented,
AB tested, world class sales funnel here.
We're talking about something
that's enough to support us.
In terms of turning into work that,
so one of the things that I do and
we'll get into this all
in a lot more detail.
But one of the things I do is,
so I get bored easily, right,
like I said the attention
span of a small child,
which means that I don't
wanna do another UX audit.
I'm fed up with doing those.
I wanna do some prototyping.
So what I'll do, is I'll send two or
three emails, right?
So that's over, say, probably about
a six week period on various aspects of
prototyping, and that will win me work.
Within maybe a month's period,
something like that.
So you can turn it around
relatively quickly.
So, a question from chatroom.
>> Do you encourage referrals, and
do you have more clients from referrals
versus warm leads from the emails?
>> Right, good question.
So, I don't encourage referrals, so
you can use it for various incentives and
I have played with this in the past.
So, you can sale, I'll give you
10% if you refer me as a client,
just, I felt dirty during that,
it just didn't feel like me.
And it didn't work anyway.
So I kinda dropped doing that.
I've also tried doing
referrals of the email, right?
So in other words, if you invite
someone else to subscribe to this,
then you'll get whatever.
And I actually found a really good tool
that kinda has this whole gamification
thing built into it tried that,
didn't work for my audience.
I'm not saying it doesn't
in certain situations but
I'm kinda positioning, I'm not selling.
No, widgets.
I'm not selling paper cups.
I'm selling a bespoke custom
high end service, right?
So really these kinds of gimmicks don't
really suit it particularly well, in terms
of the balance between referral work and
new work that comes in via this method.
I would say it swings, right?
It's about a 6040 split but that
depending on the particular quarter or
particular month or whatever else
it could go either way, I mean,
it could be 60 for referrals one month and
then 60 for emails the next month.
So I don't track it that closely
because again who's got time, right?
I probably should do a better job of that,
but I don't.
Any other questions or
is that it at the moment?
>> The response,
what is the response rate to these things?
How many emails do you need to send?
Did you figure it out like, okay, I need
to send 10,000 emails, or you were just
like, I need to send out as many emails
as I can, as many people as I can, or
do you scale it down, okay,
now I wanna tailor her this?
>> Yeah, so-
>> What's the controllability that you
were talking about?
>> Yeah, got you.
I always send out, because I'm lazy,
because we want something
that's manageable here,
I send out to my entire mailing
list once every two weeks, right?
You could get a way with
once a month I think.
I know some of my colleagues that
have used similar to now every day
which is just crazy they can do that,
but they it seems to work for them.
And the guy that I've got in my head is
actually got a mailing list it's more than
twice my size from doing that,
so I'm not knocking it.
But I'm not committed enough to do that so
it's balancing you gotta
balance the amount of
effort that goes into
sending emails out against.
The how often the people need to
hear from you to remember you,
because that's the aim, right?
I do do some very basic
segmentation of my list.
So, when people sign up,
I ask them, do you work in house?
Do you work for an agency or
are you freelancer?
That's all I ask them,
because you don't wanna put too
many barriers in people's ways.
And so because I've got some services
aimed to freelancers and agencies and
I have some services aimed
at people that are in house.
So I will tailor sometimes do the same.
You say I'm doing
a newsletter on prototyping,
I might write two slightly
different versions of it.
So that's about as clever as I get,
because again,
we want this to be lightweight.
Anything else from the chat room?
>> Do you prefer sending a bunch of emails
or would you send personalized emails?
>> I do personalize to a degree.
I mean, at different times, right?
So as we go through this you'll get a much
better understanding of when I send
a personal one to one email, because
I do do personal one to one emails.
But with my main mailing list,
no, it's doesn't
generally tend to be
personalized beyond your name,
I tag people within
the particular system I use.
So I learn about what they like and
what they don't.
And so it might get some degree
of personalization based on that.
So for example, sometimes I get
myself into situations where,
let's say, I'm giving a workshop
on this for example, and
then, I'm also about to release
a book on a different subject.
Well, I need to promote both
of them at the same time.
How am I gonna do that?
Okay, well, basically, I know these
people are agencies and freelancers so
they're gonna get this presentation as
the pitch in that particular email,
and this group is going to
get you know the other thing.
So I do that kind of basic segmentation
but nothing very complicated.
And the personalization, the real
personal emails I do a much earlier in
the process before they've joined
the official mailing list.
The only exception is I do keep an eye
on my mailing list to check for
as people sign up, I do pay attention
to the domain names because if somebody
like I don't know Nike pop up in the list,
they're gonna get a personal email.
[LAUGH] So, I do a bit of that.
But other than that, no.
Yeah, no one, this is good,
God engaged audience today.
>> What are your feelings about LinkedIn?
Do you use it in conjunction
with the emails?
>> Yes, so,
we're gonna get into all of this later and
I'll show you exactly how I use LinkedIn.
So I won't answer that question right now
because otherwise I'll just be repeating
what I said later.
I think-
>> The other person said I assume you're
gonna cover this later in the course but
they're very interested in
growing the mailing list.
>> Yes, definitely covering that.
So whole section on that.
Well, that's the majority of
the course [LAUGH] To be honest.